# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

In the Begginning of this week I was a little confused on how to get started. It was mainly because I did not watch any of the C# videos because I totally forgot about them. I had to catch up on them, and then once I did a lot of the C# was making more sense.
I am excited to continue to learn C#. So far it seems pretty straight forward and the more I practice it the more it makes sense to me, especially when it comes to writing a back-end script. For some reason making the console games don't make as much sense to me. I am realizing that I times it is difficult for me to impliment the mathmatics into my code because I get used to the lines of code that speak to the other lines of code. 
I haven't been able to put in the time to write the entire back-end part of something with the c#, just because I have run out of time by the end of the day. I hope I can still get a hang of it over the weekend and grasp everything a little bit more.
I think I am still a little stuck with vue... and for that I am very very nervous for...