# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


I was struggling at the beginning of this week. After a tutoring session on Wednesday I started to feel like I was actually understanding what was happening and how we were talking to the other API stuff and what not. I was very confused before then. After that I felt very confident when getting the .post, .get, .delete, and .put. That was until I started the check point... now I feel as though I didn't truely understand what we were doing during the week. But I kind of do.
I keep running into the same consistant problem of people telling me "you are on that right track" but there is something little here or there that I am still struggling with. It is starting to become frustrating for me because I don't want to be "almost there" I want to understand what is happening in the code and be able to figure out what is happening for myself. I know that this stuff takes practice to get it right, but I start to doubt my abilities as a programmer as I continually have to go and ask for help.

I would say that I am still net possitive by the time Friday morning comes around. Once we get the checkpoint, I feel as though I have failed at trying to understand everything else throughout the week, where as just the day before, I was feeling really good about the concepts I was learning and being able to implament them. 