# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


This week started off really really rought, I was so lost. I was so lost that I didn't even know where to start with a question. I understood the knight annalogy, but I did not understand how it connected to the code. I also was confused on how to use postman.
I gave myself a day, and then on Tuesday after getting some help, I finally started to understand. That night I did some of the readings and watched videos. Things started to make sense, but I was still confused. So, I put in a tutor request. 
After my tutoring session on Wednesday I felt SOOOO much more confident on servers and as though I could actually do something effective with them! I was excited for the upcoming hackathon now that I finally understood what was happening in the backend. It took sometime, but I got it!

The Hackathon was fun! I really enjoyed my group. We worked really well together. My group was also very understanding when I became very tired and was mentally unable to code, but I was able to lead the group. So, I just became team leader instead and helped each person as they got stuck in their code. 