# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

    The first day here I was ready to start this journey. Day two, I had a quick reality call that I had hardly any idea what I was doing. I was very very confused. Day 3 is when we started to learn bootstrap. I was still slightly confused, but continued to have hope that I would eventually understand what was being said. That night I studied the concepts we were learning especially the flex boxes. After that night of day 3, everything that everyone was saying was finally making sense! I was so happy that I finally understood what was happening, and that gave me courage that I could continue on to the checkpoint confidently, and that I would be able to continue this course.
    I felt discouraged when it seemed like my sister and everyone else was understanding what was happening, but I wasn't. I was so confused in the begining of the week, but I am so glad it cleared up by the end of the week. 
    I have found that writing down my questions has been SUPER helpful as well. At first, I knew I needed help but I didn't know how to ask it because I wasn't sure what my problem was, and why I wasn't understanding anything. It took me a bit longer to figure out all this HTML, CSS and Bootstrap things, but I now understand them and I am glad that I do.