# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

When We were writing the backend, we did very well and things were running smoothly. We ran into a couple of bugs but we were able to get them resolved, either by ourselves or with the our army of help. 
We originaly wanted to have one person writing the front end, and two of us on the back. When it came to put the two together, we realized we had a few problems. The front end was not structured or named well. This made things become overwhelming fast. Because our roles were split, two of us were unsure on what to do, while the other lead the show. This ultimatly lead to a moment of panic the next day.
I came to the realization that we had all stopped communicating and asking for help. This lead to us working on the same thing for like a whole day and a half. I realized what we were doing was not working well and we needed to change tactics. We implimated some scrum and made a change. We had to give our selves a moment to break down, so that we could build our team back up and be stronger.

The thing that helped our team be the most to be successful was better implimating the partner coding philosaphy. Once we did this, we worked a whole lot better, and finally started to progress in the project and get some things done and accomplished after we got over this stumble.