# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?



This week went really well! It was a fun week because we got to spend most of it polishing up our application. We decided to add more features, and I feel this made our App better and more interactive. I loved being able to work on it and go through the struggles and figure out some solutions like filters and animations. 
I was surprised at how easy some animations were with basic vue animations and annimations.css (website and import). And that other animations were... not so easy! Understanding vue-animations is a real treat if you can finally understand what they are!
I am realizing that I am still struggling with some parts of Vue... I really wish I knew it better than I currently do because I feel that I just keep struggling with it more and more the more I use it. At first I understood, but now I feel as if I am failing it and I am VERY nervous for the final... My group members were helpful when I had questions about vue.

Our final application looks really beautiful and I am really proud of it. I feel like I may have been a weak link for us, but I tried to bull my weight whenever I could. I like that we did different or new features in branches because then we could do stuff in those branches without hurting the entire application. We can also go back and see those different points of branches and how each one helped our application become so much better. I am very proud of the work we have been able to do the last couple of weeks. 