# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

The begining of the week I was very excited to start using vue because of how quickly we could render information and how it seemed so much more simple than before. I thought I would be able to grasp it all very quickly. But as always, I was a little wrong. During the week I felt that I mostly understood what was happening with vue and how it all worked and talked together.I understood how we could reuse a component but there were other areas I struggled with like routing to a page and onclicks. On wednesday I felt I had a much better grasp and could be successful once I was given the checkpoint. Then... I started to work on the checkpoint and I was proven wrong... I do know a lot of different parts of vue to be successful, but I still got caught up in a lot of aspects of it. It was the same as listed above. I think I still have the potential to be successfull with vue. I am excited to keep using it, but nervous for when I get stuck and how to figure out how to get out of it...